README.md, before:

# Agentic AI NIM Bootcamp

This repo contains the challenge and the tutorial for the bootcamp

## Bootcamp Content

The challenge consists of the following parts.

1. Creating a Question & Answer (Q&A) MCP Server
2. Creating an Invoice MCP Server
3. Modifying the existing LLM workflow to utilise both the Q&A and Invoice MCP Servers

Read the [problem statement](./challenge/problem_statement.md) for more details

## Tools and Frameworks

The tools and frameworks used in this bootcamp are as follows

1. [NVIDIA NIM](https://docs.nvidia.com/nim/index.html)
2. [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/introduction)
3. [LangGraph](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/)

## bootcamp duration

The duration of the tutorial is 1 hour.  
The duration of the challenge is 4 hours.

## Deployment

To run the evaluation, refer to the [deployment guide](./Deployment_Guide.md)

## Attribution

This material originates from the OpenHackathons Github repository. Check out additional materials [here](https://github.com/openhackathons-org)

Don't forget to check out additional [Open Hackathons Resources](https://www.openhackathons.org/s/technical-resources) and join our [OpenACC and Hackathons Slack Channel](https://www.openacc.org/community#slack) to share your experience and get more help from the community.

## Licensing

Copyright © 2025 OpenACC-Standard.org. This material is released by OpenACC-Standard.org, in collaboration with NVIDIA Corporation, under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0). These materials may include references to hardware and software developed by other entities; all applicable licensing and copyrights apply.

Commit message:

updated README to include steps for participants

README.md, after:

# Agentic AI NIM Bootcamp

This repo contains the challenge and the tutorial for the bootcamp

## Bootcamp Content

The challenge consists of the following parts.

1. Creating a Question & Answer (Q&A) MCP Server
2. Creating an Invoice MCP Server
3. Modifying the existing LLM workflow to utilise both the Q&A and Invoice MCP Servers

## Tools and Frameworks

The tools and frameworks used in this bootcamp are as follows

1. [NVIDIA NIM](https://docs.nvidia.com/nim/index.html)
2. [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/introduction)
3. [LangGraph](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/)

## bootcamp duration

The duration of the tutorial is 1 hour.  
The duration of the challenge is 4 hours.

## Steps

1. Clone this repo

```
git clone https://github.com/openhackathons-org/bootcamp-challenge-public-nim.git
```

2. Register for an NVIDIA NGC account and setup environment to invoke NVIDIA NIMs

    Refer to the [deployment guide](./Deployment_guide.md)

3. Go through the [tutorials](./tutorial/README.md)

4. Attempt the [challenge](./challenge/problem_statement.md)

## Attribution

This material originates from the OpenHackathons Github repository. Check out additional materials [here](https://github.com/openhackathons-org)

Don't forget to check out additional [Open Hackathons Resources](https://www.openhackathons.org/s/technical-resources) and join our [OpenACC and Hackathons Slack Channel](https://www.openacc.org/community#slack) to share your experience and get more help from the community.

## Licensing

Copyright © 2025 OpenACC-Standard.org. This material is released by OpenACC-Standard.org, in collaboration with NVIDIA Corporation, under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0). These materials may include references to hardware and software developed by other entities; all applicable licensing and copyrights apply.
